Elle ketone us track Amara
he took our camera he took our camera
Tomas de algunas photos did you take any
pictures did you take si any tomato
photos yes I took some pictures yes I
took some pictures Tomas algunas photos
we took some pictures we took some
pictures cuantas photos Tomas de cuantas
photos tomorrow's Dennis how many
pictures did you take how many pictures
did you take domain photos
I took 100 pictures I took 100 pictures
tamam ocn photos
we took 100 pictures we took 100
pictures Tomas de una clase este Verano
did you take a class this summer did you
take a class this summer
see domain a Class A yes I took a class
yes I took a class qual closet Tomas day
what class did you take what class did
you take domain when a class a day
unless I took an English class I took an
English class
you